Added Nostr Wallet Connect Implementation Documentation (#112)
breez/breez-sdk-liquid-docs: src/guide/nostr_wallet_connect.md

```

</section>

<div slot="title">Kotlin</div>
<section>

```kotlin,ignore
{{#include ../../snippets/kotlin_mpp_lib/shared/src/commonMain/kotlin/com/example/kotlinmpplib/NostrWalletConnect.kt:nwc-config}}
```

</section>

<div slot="title">Javascript</div>
<section>

```typescript
{{#include ../../snippets/wasm/nostr_wallet_connect.ts:nwc-config}}
```

</section>

<div slot="title">React Native</div>
<section>

```typescript
{{#include ../../snippets/react-native/nostr_wallet_connect.ts:nwc-config}}
```

</section>

<div slot="title">Dart</div>
<section>

```dart,ignore
{{#include ../../snippets/dart_snippets/lib/nostr_wallet_connect.dart:nwc-config}}
```

</section>

<div slot="title">Python</div>
<section>

```python,ignore 
{{#include ../../snippets/python/src/nostr_wallet_connect.py:nwc-config}}
```

</section>

<div slot="title">Go</div>
<section>

```go,ignore
{{#include ../../snippets/go/nostr_wallet_connect.go:nwc-config}}
```

</section>

<div slot="title">C#</div>
<section>

```cs,ignore
{{#include ../../snippets/csharp/NostrWalletConnect.cs:nwc-config}}
```

</section>
</custom-tabs>

### Configuration Options

> 1. **relay_urls** (Optional): `Option<Vec<String>>` - Custom Nostr relay URLs to use for communication. If None, uses default relay: "wss://relay.getalbypro.com/breez". Can specify multiple relays for redundancy.

Reviewer: I would try to keep language specific syntax to the snippets, so maybe:

```suggestion
#### Relay URLs
An optional list of custom Nostr relay URLs to use for communication. By default uses relay: "wss://relay.getalbypro.com/breez". You can specify multiple relays for redundancy.
```
